agile_assessment_survey.md, before:

[IN PROGRESS]

# Agile Assessment Tool
To perform regularly to gauge improvements and identify areas of focus.
Scale 1-5. (Strongly Disagree - Strongly Agree)
Questions should be answered within the context of the entire tech and product departments.

What makes this different to other seurveys such as Peakon?
This survey is specifically from an agility perspective. It helps identify potential improvement areas in how we operate that we can then further explore and hopefully address. Essentially this survey could affect our strategy for agility.


## Engagement :zap:(P5)
1. I feel that our environment provides basic support and processes necessary to do my job without much frustration (working conditions, equipment, development processes, access requests, on-boarding, tooling, career progression, adequate performance reviews and 1-1s etc.)
2. I feel secure in my role (safety to disagree, to raise issues, my contract and notice period are fair, company is stable etc.)
3. I feel that our environment is respectful. (Do you feel it recognises, empowers, supports, provides clear expectations to, considers and trusts its employees?)
4. I feel the work I do makes a difference to our customers
5. I have the opportunity to grow professionally
6. I have reasonable control and flexibility over my work

## Transparency & Collaboration
1. I feel that, within our department, there is sufficient collaboration and feedback between individuals and teams (as opposed to being silos)
2. I feel that decisions made within the product and tech departments are inclusive and well communicated (strategy, internal changes etc.)
3. I feel all teams are strategically aligned
4. I feel that there is sufficient collaboration and feedback between tech teams and stakeholders/ customers :zap:**(P4)**
5. I feel that I have a say in the direction of the tech and product departments
6. I feel that we are clearly and visibly tracking the progress and/ or health of the teams, department, and product :zap:**(P12)**

## Valuable continuous delivery :zap:(P1)
1. I feel we are building the right things (Customer feedback? Data driven?)
2. I feel we effectively employ best practices in our everyday work (technical excellence, product excellence)
3. I feel that the quality of our product is high (agile testing?)
4. I feel that we are able to respond quickly enough to changing requirements :zap:**(P2)**
5. I feel we are innovative
6. I feel we are delivering to the customer at a sustainable but frequent (<4weeks) pace :zap:**(P8)**

## Rapid experimenting and learning (continuous improvement)
1. I feel our time-to-market is acceptable :zap:**(P3)**
2. I feel our environment is empirical (Do we regularly stop to learn from and make decisions based on validated observations and data rather than pure theory or assumptions?) :zap:**(P12)**
3. I feel our technical setup is mature enough to support rapid development, deployment _and_ recovery (i.e. maintainable code-base, automated devops, automated test suites, technical debt, de-coupled architecture, feature flags, ‘fail-safe’ techniques such as canary releases, release trains etc.) :zap:**(P9)**
4. I feel our environment attitude is ‘fail-friendly’?
5. I feel our teams have few dependencies? :zap:**(P11)**
6. I feel that we generally keep solutions (releases, technical implementations, ) simple? :zap:**(P10)**

## What do you feel is the most agile thing about this company?

## Agile Principles
P1-satisfy customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software\
P2-changing requirements\
P3-frequent delivery\
P4-developers working closely with business people e.g. feedback\
P5-build projects around motivated individuals\
P6-face-to-face communication (Not surveyed)\
P7-working software is the measure of progress (Not surveyed)\
P8-sustainable development pace\
P9-technical excellence\
P10-simplicity\
P11-self-organizing teams\
P12-regularly reflect\

Commit message:

replace time-to-market question with decisions
frequent deliver is similar to time-to-market, being able to make decisions quickly is part of rapid experimenting and learning

agile_assessment_survey.md, after:

[IN PROGRESS]

# Agile Assessment Tool
To perform regularly to gauge improvements and identify areas of focus.
Scale 1-5. (Strongly Disagree - Strongly Agree)
Questions should be answered within the context of the entire tech and product departments.

What makes this different to other seurveys such as Peakon?
This survey is specifically from an agility perspective. It helps identify potential improvement areas in how we operate that we can then further explore and hopefully address. Essentially this survey could affect our strategy for agility.


## Engagement :zap:(P5)
1. I feel that our environment provides the basic support and processes necessary to do my job without much frustration (working conditions, equipment, development processes, access requests, on-boarding, tooling, career progression, adequate performance reviews and 1-1s etc.)
2. I feel secure in my role (safety to disagree, to raise issues, my contract and notice period are fair, company is stable etc.)
3. I feel that our environment is respectful. (Do you feel it recognises, empowers, supports, provides clear expectations to, considers and trusts its employees?)
4. I feel the work I do makes a difference to our customers
5. I have the opportunity to grow professionally
6. I have reasonable autonomy over the work I do in my team

## Transparency & Collaboration
1. I feel that, within our department, there is sufficient collaboration and feedback between individuals and teams (as opposed to being siloed)
2. I feel that decisions made within the product and tech departments are inclusive and well communicated (strategy, internal changes etc.)
3. I feel all teams are strategically aligned
4. I feel that there is sufficient collaboration and feedback between tech teams and stakeholders/ customers :zap:**(P4)**
5. I feel that I have a say in the direction of the tech and product departments
6. I feel that we are clearly and visibly tracking the progress and/ or health of the teams, department, and product :zap:**(P12)**

## Valuable continuous delivery :zap:(P1)
1. I feel we are building the right things (Customer feedback? Data driven?)
2. I feel we effectively employ best practices in our everyday work (technical excellence, product excellence)
3. I feel that the quality of our product is high (agile testing?)
4. I feel that we are able to respond quickly enough to changing requirements :zap:**(P2)**
5. I feel we are innovative
6. I feel we are delivering to the customer at a sustainable but frequent (<4weeks) pace :zap:**(P8), (P3)**

## Rapid experimenting and learning (continuous improvement)
1. I feel that decisions can be made by those closest to the problem
2. I feel our environment is empirical (Do we regularly stop to learn from and make decisions based on validated observations and data rather than pure theory or assumptions?) :zap:**(P12)**
3. I feel our technical setup is mature enough to support rapid development, deployment _and_ recovery (i.e. maintainable code-base, automated devops, automated test suites, technical debt, de-coupled architecture, feature flags, ‘fail-safe’ techniques such as canary releases, release trains etc.) :zap:**(P9)**
4. I feel our environment attitude is ‘fail-friendly’?
5. I feel our teams have few dependencies? :zap:**(P11)**
6. I feel that we generally keep solutions (releases, technical implementations, ) simple? :zap:**(P10)**

## What do you feel is the most agile thing about this company?

## Agile Principles
P1-satisfy customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software\
P2-changing requirements\
P3-frequent delivery\
P4-developers working closely with business people e.g. feedback\
P5-build projects around motivated individuals\
P6-face-to-face communication (Not surveyed)\
P7-working software is the measure of progress (Not surveyed)\
P8-sustainable development pace\
P9-technical excellence\
P10-simplicity\
P11-self-organizing teams\
P12-regularly reflect\
